Update U9 release note with JMS package (#8972)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.9.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

- Specified SSL as the preferred option when users provide options without SSL configuration. Additionally, introduced support for explicitly disabling SSL.

#### `java.jms` package

> - Introduced revamped JMS protocol connector for Ballerina.

Reviewer: Shall we add what we have improved/revamped instead? probably we can add mention about the observability support, and improved documentation with examples. WDYT?

Author: Updated with [6e1012e94167d71da6e3a2281bbf643515c4d4fa](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/8972/commits/6e1012e94167d71da6e3a2281bbf643515c4d4fa)

- Specified SSL as the preferred option when users provide options without SSL configuration. Additionally, introduced support for explicitly disabling SSL.

#### `java.jms` package

> - Revamped Ballerina JMS protocol connector to the Swanlake standards.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Revamped the Ballerina JMS protocol connector to Swan Lake standards.
```

Since these are under `java.jms` package do we really need JMS protocol connector, Ballerina JMS connector, etc.?

Author: Fixed with [6aa565c093313e2eefd631432f8daf68f3b52896](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/8972/commits/6aa565c093313e2eefd631432f8daf68f3b52896)

#### `java.jms` package

> - Revamped Ballerina JMS protocol connector to the Swanlake standards.
> - Incorporate observability support for the Ballerina JMS connector.
> - Incorporate GraalVM native image support for the Ballerina JMS connector.
> - Improved the documentation of the Ballerina JMS protocol connector.
> - Introduced Ballerina ActiveMQ driver to support integrations with Apache ActiveMQ broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced Ballerina ActiveMQ driver to support integrations with Apache ActiveMQ broker.
- Incorporated observability support.
- Added support for GraalVM.
- Improved the documentation along with new examples.
```

Author: Fixed with [6aa565c093313e2eefd631432f8daf68f3b52896](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/8972/commits/6aa565c093313e2eefd631432f8daf68f3b52896)
